Now you caught my heart for the evenin'
Kissed my cheek, moved in, you confuse things
Should I just sit out or come harder?
Help me find my way
Messin' me up, my whole head
Teasin' me just like Tisha did Martin
Now look at what you're startin'
Schoolboy's crush an' it ain't on the hush
The whole world sees it but you can't
My peoples they complain, sit an' rave an' rant
Your name is out my mouth like an ancient chant
Got me like a dog as I pause an' pant
Speakin' of which, got a leash
An' I wish just to rock you, miss
Make a militant move, peep my strategy
End of the day you're not mad at me
Not dealin' with nobody, now that's what you told me
I said, "Hey, yo, it's cool, we can just be friendly"
'Cause yo, picture me messin' it up
Her mind not corrupt with the ill C cups
Shit, I'm on my J.O.
Bullshittin', hopin' that the day goes slow
Got me like a friend, what confuses me though
Is kisses when we greet, tell me what's the dill, yo?
Now you caught my heart for the evenin'
Kissed my cheek, moved in, you confuse things
Should I just sit out or come harder?
Help me find my way
Now you caught my heart for the evenin'
Kissed my cheek, moved in, you confuse things
Should I just sit out or come harder?
Help me find my way
Now why you wanna go an' do that, love, huh?
Makin' things for me towards you harder
Killin' me, just when I think we there
You gots the whole vibe an' the flows in the air
Tellin' me 'bout next man
But next man ain't the nigga with the plan
Who got your heart in mind?
It's about time that you just unwind
An' let it just happen, make it front-free
Just sweat me like Money Penny
Diggin' you, gettin' inside of your stee
It's the Quest that keepin' you company
Forever, or however you want it, word, word
Now wait a minute now before you get it to the curb
Start to make affections, which is good not the hurt
But it, it ain't me, an' I, I ain't blurred
I'ma still just chill with you
Maybe this could change if you change your view
If not then I guess it is cool
Just to keep to yourself an' abide by the rules, right
Like that now, check it out now
Check it in now, check it out now
Check it out now, like that now
Check it out now, check it out now
Yeah yeah now, check it out now
Work it out now, check it out now
It's like that now, check it out now
It's like that now, check it out
What you say, what? What?
Now you caught my heart for the evenin'
Kissed my cheek, moved in, you confuse things
Should I just sit out or come harder?
Help me find my way