Something for your earhole, so you can clean them shits out
It seems that some don't understand what I'm talking about
How you get west coast nigga, from west coast hater?
I could never dis a whole coast, my time is too greater(true)
Yeah, we from the east, the land of originators
You also from the west, the land of innovators
The only difference of the two is the style of the rap
Plus the musical track, this beef shit is so wack
Let me let y'all brothers know I ain't no west coast disser
Another thing I'm not is a damn ass kisser
So listen to my words as I set things straight
I ain't got no beef, so don't come in my face
Keep it moving, yeah to the k.i.m.
Keep it moving, yeah yeah to the k.i.m.
I ain't got no time for schuckin and jivin
Keep it moving, keep it moving, yeah yeah to the k.i.m.
Keep it moving, yeah yeah to the k.i.m.
I ain't got no time for schuckin and jivin
Hip hop, a way of life
It doesn't tell you how to raise a child or treat a wife
I verbalize over, rhyme friendly
That puts a listener in a frenzy, so pop me in your benzi
You dig it? get wit it or get your melon splitted
If you ever try to combat, sir walter moves the king
We got the illy team that doesn't even sweat the gleam
Or glamor, we'll figure 4 your ass like Greg the hammer
Man, we rocking joints like the who or Santana
Keep jams packed and hotter than Havana
Positivity is the key in the lock
Put your hand on it, turn it to the right, ak
We doing daredevil dandies on these mics
Peace out to the whole hiero who's puffin on the hydro
Yeah dun, we moving how we like
Since the days of rocking hi-los, we keeping things on pyro, fire
As we move with zeal and desire
Now, the hip hop plan, hope you compiler
Son, we having tunnel vision but my sight is real real broad
Cause I can't afford to miss that call
Making moves, not movies, as get on the ball
And we keeping things covered like a female shawl
When I watch hockey, yo, I just look for the brawl
Quest, quest and you know we signin out y'all
Keep it moving, yeah to the k.i.m.
Keep it moving, yeah yeah to the k.i.m.
I ain't got no time for schuckin and jivin
Keep it moving, keep it moving, yeah yeah to the k.i.m.
Keep it moving, yeah yeah to the k.i.m.
I ain't got no time for schuckin and jivin
The pharcyde, you know we do it up, uh, you know we do it up, uh
The hiero, you know we do it up, yeah yeah, you know we do it up
Yeah, to the Mobb Deep, the infamous, we do it up, yeah yeah
You know we do it up
To my peoples know naim, yeah, you know we do it up, uh uh
You know we do it up
To my man DJ Quik, uh, you know we do it up, uh uh, a do, a do it up
To my man biz mark, yeah yeah, you know we do it up, uh uh
You know we do it up
To my man ike love love, you know we do it up, yeah yeah
You know we do it up
And my man extra p, p, you know we do it up, uh uh uh-uh, uh, uh up
I can't forget Dr. Dre, uh, you know we do it up
Mc eight, uh, you know we do it up
Shelly Mae, uh, you know we do it up
Muhammad, uh, you know we do it up