(Hey yo, Adam, what's up? This is Mix Master Mike, I'm calling from Sacramento, um
Ah, I've been wanting to hook up with you, um, maybe on some tracks
I've got some sick shit right here, if you could-
I hooked my turntable's through a wah-wah pedal
It's called the tweak scratch)
'Cause nobody can do it like Mixmaster can, come on!
I've got the D-double-O-D-double-O style
Here we go again because it's been a while
Do me a favor, don't touch that dial
I rock from Manhattan to the Miracle Mile
My name's Mike D and I'm the ladie's choice
I want to get next to you like Rose Royce
Y'all gather round to hear my golden voice
'Cause when it's time to rhyme you know I get noice
Cruising like a fan boat on the glade
He'll tweak ass your ass across the cross fade
So watch your back when he takes the stage
Or he'll send you off on a naked rampage
Three MCs and one DJ
We be getting down with no delay
Mixmaster Mike, whatcha got to say?
(Bug out - to - the mic - all the time!)
Sweet and sour like a tangerine
Fresh like a box of Krispy Kremes
Kenny Rogers' "Gambler" is my gambling theme
Mixmaster Mike with the scratch routine
Always updated and in the know
You know we break it down going toe to toe
The bass is booming from down below
And Norton is chillin' with Mario
Eyo my name is Adrock, I'm a Scorpio
Don't ask me 'cause I just don't know
I'm known to mop, I'm known to glow
But don't get mad 'cause I got's to go
Three MCs and one DJ
We be getting down with no delay
Mixmaster Mike, whatcha got to say?
(Gotta-gotta-gotta get down!)
Mix Master, cut faster!
Mix Master, cut, cut, cut faster!
All top secret and classified
I grab a hold of a mic and let the words glide
It's all hypnotic and sanctified
I never want to let a bad day slip by
Now, we be getting stupid in your area
Causing all kinds of hysteria
My beats is sick like malaria
But don't worry I'll take care of ya
Me and Ad an' Adam and the Mario C.
In the studio, it's the place to be
To all the party people who are happy and free
With Mix Master Mike we're making history
Three MC's and one DJ
We be getting down with no delay
Mix Master Mike, what you got to say?
(God damn that DJ made my day!)