You're rough, you're tough, you're rough, you're tough
You're rough, you're tough, you're rough, you're tough
Order, now my court is in session, will you please stand?
First, allow me to introduce myself, my name is Judge Hundredyears
Some people call me Judge Dread
Now, I have come here to whoop you,
To try all you rudeboys for shooting black people
In my court only we talk, cause I'm vexed, and I am the rudeboy today
Hugo Hicks?
Yes, sir
Rudeboy Adolfus James?
Yes, sir
Rudeboy Emmanuel Zechariah Zechipaul?
Present
George Grabandflee?
Present
Hmm Adolfus James, I see here you have been charged with
Ten shooting attempts
Five murder charge
Six grab and flee charge
But your honor, I didn't
Hush up, guilty or not guilty?
Not guilty, sir
I don't care what you say, take four hundred years
Stand down
Emmanuel Zechariah Zechipaul?
Yes, sir?
You've been charged with fifteen charge of shooting attempts
Fifteen murder charge
And I heard that you was the one there on Sutton Street
Who tell the judge, 'rudeboys don't care'
Well, this is King Street, and my name is Judge Dread, and I don't care
Now take four hundred years
But ya don't know what I would say, your good honor
Hush up What you trying to do, shoot me, too?
No, your honor, but I
Quiet Four hundred more years for you
George Grabandflee?
Yes, sir?
Stop your crying, rudeboys don't cry, that's what I hear
But I didn't do that, dem frame me, and I don't deserve that
I don't care, hush up, this is my court
You're charged for robbing schoolchildren
Rob with aggravation
Hush up, order
Adolfus James?
Yes sir?
You rob schoolchildren
You foam the peoples' house
You shot black people
But your honor, I didn't
Hush up! Just for talking, I now charge you for contempt
And that is a separate hundred years
I hereby sentence you to four hundred years
I said hush up, hush up
You're sentenced to four hundred years and five hundred lashes
I am going to set an example, I rudeboys don't cry, don't cry
When I was in harbor, I hear you were tough
Court adjourned, take them away